Perf improvements (#370)
NitorCreations/nflow: CHANGELOG.md

  - Fix honoring of `includeCurrentStateVariables` flag in `WorkflowInstanceService.listWorkflowInstances`. This caused major slowness when using bulk workflows.
    To preserve the existing (incorrect) default behaviour in backwards compatible way the default value in `QueryWorkflowInstances.Builder` is changed to `true`. The REST API is unaffected.
    Especially in workflows with many children that use the `StateExecution.getAllChildWorkflows` method the performance impact can be high. Before 7.0.0 release, it is recommended to use `StateExecution.queryChildWorkflows(new QueryWorkflowInstances.Builder().setIncludeCurrentStateVariables(false).build())` if state variables are not needed.

>   - Improve child workflow final state execution speed by caching the parent workflow type. Use `nflow.db.type.cache.size` property to tune the size.

Reviewer: Rename conf property to nflow.workflow.instance.type.cache.size or nflow.workflowInstanceType.cacheSize or something? db type cache size could be anything :)

>   - Optional performance improvement to state execution by not scanning for child workflows instances. If access to child workflow instances is needed, they can be fetched using `StateExecution.getChildWorklfow` methods. To enable set the property `nflow.executor.fetchChildWorkflowIds` to `false`, which is recommended for all. The default functionality will change in next major release.

Reviewer: Mention new config options in changelog, should they be added to nflow-engine.properties with default values and make the properties required as well?

  - Fix honoring of `includeCurrentStateVariables` flag in `WorkflowInstanceService.listWorkflowInstances`. This caused major slowness when using bulk workflows.
    To preserve the existing (incorrect) default behaviour in backwards compatible way the default value in `QueryWorkflowInstances.Builder` is changed to `true`. The REST API is unaffected.
    Especially in workflows with many children that use the `StateExecution.getAllChildWorkflows` method the performance impact can be high. Before 7.0.0 release, it is recommended to use `StateExecution.queryChildWorkflows(new QueryWorkflowInstances.Builder().setIncludeCurrentStateVariables(false).build())` if state variables are not needed.
  - Improve child workflow final state execution speed by caching the parent workflow type

>   - Improve workflow execution type by not scanning for child workflows. If workflow wants to access child workflows they should fetch them using the executor getChildWorklfow methods. Not backwards compatible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Improve state execution by not scanning for child workflows instances by default. If access to child workflow instances is needed, they can be fetched using `StateExecution.getChildWorklfow` methods. Not backwards compatible.
```

>   - Fix bulk forkflow concurrency limit calculation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fix bulk workflow concurrency limit calculation.
```

Reviewer: Was there anything to fix here actually? Could not find that change anymore.

Author: My changes were harmful -> removed :)
